>> THANK YOU, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> Jimmy: HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU
AS WELL.
>> THANK YOU, YES.
>> Jimmy: YOU HAVE A BIRTHDAY
THIS WEEK ON SATURDAY.
HOW OLD DO YOU TURN ON SATURDAY?
>> I TURN 29.
>> Jimmy: 29 YEARS OLD.
HERE YOU ARE RUNNING FOR
CONGRESS.
NOT JUST RUNNING FOR CONGRESS,
YOU'RE ALMOST CERTAINLY GOING TO
WIN.
>> KNOCK ON WOOD.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Jimmy: FOR THOSE WHO DON'T
KNOW YOUR STORY, AND I KNOW YOUR
STORY A BIT, YOU BEAT A TEN-TIME
INCUMBENT, A GUY WHO JUST
ASSUMED THAT HE WAS GOING TO
WIN.
YOU CAME OUT OF NOWHERE, YOU
WERE WORKING AS A BARTENDER, AND
DECIDED THAT IT WOULD BE A GOOD
IDEA TO RUN FOR OFFICE.
IT'S REALLY ONE OF THE MOST
REMARKABLE STORIES I'VE EVER
HEARD.
DID YOU STOP AND THINK ABOUT
THIS AND GO, I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS IS HAPPENING?
>> YEAH, EVEN TO THIS DAY.
WE GO CANVASSING, WE'RE STILL
DOOR-KNOCKING IN THE COMMUNITY.
I'LL GET HOME AFTER A LONG DAY
AND I KIND OF TURN AND SAY, MAN,
WE WON THIS ELECTION.
>> Jimmy: HAVE YOU NOTICED A
DIFFERENCE WHEN YOU KNOCK ON
DOORS NOW AND PEOPLE'S
REACTIONS, COMPARED TO LIKE A
YEAR AGO?
>> OH, YEAH.
SOMETIMES PEOPLE JUST LOSE
THEIR -- LIKE, WAIT, YOU'RE
KNOCKING ON MY DOOR?
LIKE BACK IN THE DAY WHEN YOU
WOULD KNOCK ON THE DOOR AND
CARRY A BIG CHECK TO SOMEONE'S
DOOR.
>> Jimmy: PUBLISHER'S
CLEARINGHOUSE.
>> YEAH, YEAH.
PEOPLE ARE LIKE, IS THIS REAL?
YEAH, WE'RE DOING THE WORK.
>> Jimmy: YOU'RE DOING SO WELL
IN NEW YORK, YOU'VE BEEN ABLE TO
TRAVEL AROUND THE COUNTRY
HELPING OTHER RACES IN THE
PARTY.
>> YEAH, YEAH.
>> Jimmy: DO PEOPLE KNOW YOU IN
THE MIDWEST, IN THESE OTHER
STATES THAT YOU GO TO?
>> YEAH, YEAH.
THEY DO.
AND IT'S BEEN -- IT'S REALLY
BEEN A PLEASURE AND AN HONOR OF
A LIFETIME TO BE ABLE TO
COMMUNICATE THE VALUES OF HEALTH
CARE, HOUSING, EDUCATION, TO BE
ACCESSIBLE TO WORKING PEOPLE
ACROSS THE COUNTRY.
I'M JUST REALLY GRATEFUL THAT
FOLKS -- THAT MESSAGE IS
RESONATING EVERYWHERE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Jimmy: YOU ACTUALLY GO AROUND
WITH THE CANDIDATES YOU'RE
SUPPORTING?
DO YOU TRAVEL WITH THEM?
YOU SPEAK ON THEIR BEHALF?
>> YEAH, YEAH.
>> Jimmy: IN THEIR OWN HOMETOWN?
>> YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
JUST A WEEK AGO -- IT WAS FUNNY.
A WEEK AGO I WAS RALLYING WITH
IONA PRESLEY, WHO WON HER
PRIMARY IN MASSACHUSETTS.
DRIVING BACK FROM BOSTON, THERE
WAS -- WE STOPPED.
SO MY FAMILY'S OBSESSED WITH
CRACKER BARREL.
>> Jimmy: YEAH, CRACKER BARREL'S
GOOD.
>> THIS IS A WEIRD THING.
>> Jimmy: IT DOESN'T SEEM LIKE
IT WOULD BE, BUT IT IS GOOD,
YEAH.
>> YEAH, I DON'T KNOW IF IT'S
BECAUSE WE'RE FROM THE BRONX,
IT'S LIKE EXOTIC TO US OR
SOMETHING.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> Jimmy: I FEEL THE SAME WAY.
>> BUT WE DROVE UP, WE STOPPED
AT A CRACKER BARREL.
WE'RE SITTING THERE HAVING OUR
MEAL.
THIS WOMAN STOPS BY ME.
SHE GOES, YOU LOOK JUST LIKE
THAT YOUNG LADY WHO WON THE
PRIMARY.
AND I SAID, I AM THAT YOUNG LADY
WHO WON THE PRIMARY.
SHE WENT, OH MY GOODNESS!
SHE SAID, I NEED TO TAKE YOU TO
SEE MY HUSBAND.
AND I SAID, SURE, SURE.
I WAS FINISHING MY MEAL.
WE STOOD UP.
SHE WALKS ME OVER TO THE MEN'S
RESTROOM.
[ LAUGHTER ]
SO I'M SITTING THERE.
>> Jimmy: WHAT?
>> THEY'RE FROM MISSOURI.
>> Jimmy: OH, NOT INTO THE MEN'S
RESTROOM?
>> NO, JUST OUTSIDE.
>> Jimmy: ALL RIGHT.
THAT'S BETTER.
>> SHE WAS LIKE, YEAH, NO, MY
HUSBAND IS A HUGE FAN OF YOURS.
SO I SAID, OKAY.
WE'RE CHATTING.
WE'RE IN THE CRACKER BARREL.
IT'S THIS MOTION-ACTIVATED THING
BEHIND ME SINGING JINGLE BELLS
AND CHRISTMAS SONGS.
WE WERE TALKING.
THEN WE'RE CHITCHATTING.
ALL OF A SUDDEN HER HUSBAND
COMES OUT.
HE LOOKS OVER.
AND HE LOOKS AT HIS WIFE AND
BACK AT ME AND HE GOES, "WELL,
I'LL BE DAMNED."
[ LAUGHTER ]
BUT THEN THEY TOLD ME THE STORY
ABOUT HOW THEIR COUSIN ACTUALLY
IS UNFORTUNATELY DIAGNOSED --
THESE BATTLING CANCER RIGHT NOW.
AND THEY'RE TELLING ME, YOU
KNOW, SHE CAN'T CONTINUE IN HER
WORK BECAUSE OF HER DIAGNOSIS.
AND SHE HAS TO PAY $500 A MONTH
FOR INSURANCE.
AND THEN ANOTHER $800 FOR HER
MEDICATIONS EVERY SINGLE MONTH.
AND THEY SAID, YOU KNOW, EVEN
THOUGH THEY'RE ALL THE WAY FROM
MISSOURI, THIS IS NOT A
MESSAGE -- ADVOCATING FOR HEALTH
CARE AS A RIGHT, FIGHTING SO
PEOPLE DON'T HAVE TO GO BANKRUPT
TO GO TO THE DOCTOR, SHOULD BE
AN AMERICAN RIGHT.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Jimmy: RIGHT.
TO STAY ALIVE.
MORE THAN JUST GO TO THE DOCTOR.
WHEN YOU WERE A STUDENT, DID YOU
LIKE RUN FOR STUDENT COUNCIL?
>> I DID.
>> Jimmy: YOU DID.
DID YOU WIN?
>> I DID.
>> Jimmy: YOU DID, OH.
>> YEAH, 2 FOR 2.
>> Jimmy: WHAT DID YOUR PARENT
DOZEN FOR WORK?
>> SO MY FATHER HAD A SMALL
BUSINESS.
HE WAS BORN IN THE SOUTH BRONX.
THAT'S RIGHT, YERP!
AND MY MOTHER CLEANED HOUSES
GROWING UP.
AND SO I KIND OF GREW UP BETWEEN
TWO WORLDS AT A VERY YOUNG AGE.
MY PARENTS FELT LIKE THEY HAD TO
MOVE ME TO ANOTHER ZIP CODE SO I
COULD GET THE SAME PUBLIC
EDUCATION THAT ANY OTHER KID IN
AMERICA SHOULD GET.
AND SO WE MADE ENDS MEET.
MY MOM CLEANED HOUSES AND I
OFTEN WOULD GO WITH HER AS A
KID.
AND IN FACT THAT'S HOW I GOT
S.A.T. TUTORING AS A KID.
MY MOM WOULD CLEAN THE HOME OF
THE S.A.T. TUTOR IN EXCHANGE FOR
THE TUTOR TEACHING ME.
>> Jimmy: WOW, SO WERE THEY
TEACHING YOU VERY SLOWLY?
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> YEAH, YEAH.
FOR SURE, FOR SURE.
>> Jimmy: AND YOU ARE RIGHT NOW
ALSO FOCUSED ON ENCOURAGING
PEOPLE TO ACTUALLY VOTE.
>> YEAH.
>> Jimmy: IT IS SHOCKING WHEN
YOU LOOK AT THE NUMBERS OF HOW
MANY YOUNG PEOPLE ESPECIALLY IN
THE LAST MIDTERM ELECTION, WHICH
DOESN'T HAVE THE GLAMOR OF A
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION, LESS THAN
20% OF 18 TO 24-YEAR-OLDS VOTED
IN THAT MIDTERM ELECTION.
WHAT DO YOU TELL THESE KIDS?
>> WELL, YOU KNOW, I THINK IN
OUR PRIMARY ELECTION, WE
ACTUALLY EXPANDED THE ELECTORATE
ABOUT 68%.
>> Jimmy: YOU HAVE MORE
PEOPLE --
>> OVER THE LAST OFF-YEAR
MIDTERM PRIMARY.
>> Jimmy: MORE PEOPLE TO VOTE?
>> YEAH, WE GOT MORE PEOPLE TO
VOTE.
THE NIGHT OF THE PRIMARY THESE
TWO YOUNG MEN WERE BOUNCING
BASKETBALLS, LEANING AGAINST A
TREE, TYPING INTO MY PHONE.
THEY LOOKED AT ME, HEY, WE JUST
VOTED FOR YOU.
AND I WENT, HOW OLD ARE YOU?
THEY SAID, 19.
AND IT REALLY MADE ME FEEL LIKE
THIS WAS A SPECIAL YEAR.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Jimmy: YEAH.
>> IT DID.
SO I KNOW IF YOU'RE WATCHING
THIS RIGHT NOW, PUT IT IN YOUR
CELL PHONE CALENDAR.
MAKE AN EVENT.
SAY, I NEED TO VOTE ON NOVEMBER
6th.
BUT ALSO, IT MEANS THAT WE NEED
TO ALSO HAVE POLICIES THAT
CHAMPION YOUNG PEOPLE.
WE NEED TO BE TALKING ABOUT
CLIMATE CHANGE.
STUDENT LOAN DEBT.
WE NEED TO BE TALKING ABOUT
>> Jimmy: THAT'S RIGHT.
STUDENT LOAN DEBT.
>> WE NEED TO BE TALKING
>> Jimmy: THAT'S RIGHT.
ABOUT --
>> WE NEED TO BE TALKING
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
ABOUT --
>> Jimmy: NO POLITICIAN IS GOING
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
TO CARE ABOUT THAT UNLESS THOSE
>> Jimmy: NO POLITICIAN IS GOING
PEOPLE ACTUALLY VOTE.
TO CARE ABOUT THAT UNLESS THOSE
SO THAT'S THE BEST WAY TO DO IT.
PEOPLE ACTUALLY VOTE.
IT'S REALLY GREAT TO HAVE YOU
SO THAT'S THE BEST WAY TO DO IT.
HERE AND TO MEET YOU.
IT'S REALLY GREAT TO HAVE YOU
KEEP GOING.
HERE AND TO MEET YOU.
NOVEMBER 6th.